the universal turing machine is that it
is a universal simulator which means it
can simulate any process whatsoever
including simulating what a human brain
does and in that case the simulation
would be that thing a simulated mind is
a mind because they are both abstract
things now this is quite different to
let's say simulating a bullet in a
computer game a bullet has a very real
physical presence and a lack of
abstraction of the first kind in stark
contrast to a mind a simulated bullet
won't kill you in the real world but
mines are already abstract things
running on physical brains so simulating
a mind on a silicon brain let's say is
to create an actual mind